README.md, before:

# Configuration Dot Files

- All configuration files and setup steps when setting up ZSH terminal

## OS Supports

- Linux (Ubuntu, Arch Linux)
- Mac

## Includes

- Bash
- My Bash Scripts
- NeoVim
- Zsh

## General Setup

1. Install NeoVim (If Linux, you need the app image) [here](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/wiki/Installing-Neovim)
1. Install Droid Sans Mono Powerline font [here](https://github.com/powerline/fonts)
1. Install NVM [here](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)
1. Install NVM Node and alias default
1. Install Yarn [here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#debian-stable)
1. Install FZF using Git [here](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf#using-git)
1. Install Ag Searcher [here](https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher)
1. Install Ripgrep [here](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep#installation)
1. Install COC extensions [here](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim/wiki/Using-coc-extensions)
1. Install Python2 and PIP3 [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-272/)
1. Pip2 install neovim
1. Install Python3 and PIP3 [here](https://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0/)
1. Pip3 install neovim
1. Install Ruby [here](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)
1. `Gem install neovim`
1. `Gem environment` and ensure ruby is in path
1. If Linux, install clipboard tool (xclip)
1. Run :checkhealth and address issues

## Linux Setup

1. Terminator CLI [here](https://gnometerminator.blogspot.com/p/introduction.html)

## Mac Setup

1. Install ITerm CLI [here](https://www.iterm2.com/)
1. Install Spectacle [here](https://www.spectacleapp.com/)

Commit message:

Add settings for terminal theme to README

README.md, after:

# Configuration Dot Files

- All configuration files and setup steps when setting up ZSH terminal

## OS Supports

- Linux (Ubuntu, Arch Linux)
- Mac

## Includes

- Bash
- My Bash Scripts
- NeoVim
- Zsh

## General Setup

1. Install iTerm for Mac and Terminator for Linux
1. Set terminal theme to Firewatch for Mac, and Gruvbox Dark for Linux
1. Install NeoVim (If Linux, you need the app image) [here](https://github.com/neovim/neovim/wiki/Installing-Neovim)
1. Install Droid Sans Mono Powerline font [here](https://github.com/powerline/fonts)
1. Install NVM [here](https://github.com/creationix/nvm)
1. Install NVM Node and alias default
1. Install Yarn [here](https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install#debian-stable)
1. Install FZF using Git [here](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf#using-git)
1. Install Ag Searcher [here](https://github.com/ggreer/the_silver_searcher)
1. Install Ripgrep [here](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep#installation)
1. Install COC extensions [here](https://github.com/neoclide/coc.nvim/wiki/Using-coc-extensions)
1. Install Python2 and PIP3 [here](https://www.python.org/downloads/release/python-272/)
1. Pip2 install neovim
1. Install Python3 and PIP3 [here](https://www.python.org/download/releases/3.0/)
1. Pip3 install neovim
1. Install Ruby [here](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/)
1. `Gem install neovim`
1. `Gem environment` and ensure ruby is in path
1. If Linux, install clipboard tool (xclip)
1. Run :checkhealth and address issues

## Linux Setup

1. Terminator CLI [here](https://gnometerminator.blogspot.com/p/introduction.html)

## Mac Setup

1. Install ITerm CLI [here](https://www.iterm2.com/)
1. Install Spectacle [here](https://www.spectacleapp.com/)
